Modified IaC documentation #1796 (#1842)
18F/piipan: docs/iac.md

    ./create-resources.bash tts/dev
```

> 6. Create a subscription in the API Management service. At least for now, the API Management subscriptions are created manually and not by the IaC. For example, you’ll need to create `EA-DupPart` and `EA-BulkUpload` before you can use the `test-apim-upload-api.bash` script to test your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create a subscription in the API Management service. At least for now, the API Management subscriptions are created manually and not by the IaC. For example, you’ll need to create `EA-DupPart` and `EA-BulkUpload` before you can use the `test-apim-upload-api.bash` and `test-apim-match-api.bash` test scripts.
```

    1. Go to the Azure Portal
    2. Go to Resource Groups
    3. Look for `rg-match-dev` resource group
    4. Go to `tts-apim-duppartapi-dev`, an API Management service 
    5. Go to `Subscriptions`, on the left menu
    6. Click on `Add Subscription`
        1. Name: `EA-DupPart`
        2. Display Name: `EA-DupPart`
        3. Allow tracing: `uncheck`
        4. Scope: `API`
        5. API: `Duplicate participation API`
        6. Product: `blank`
        7. User: `blank`
        8. Click `Save`
    7. Click on `Add Subscription`
        1. Name: `EA-BulkUpload`
        2. Display Name: `EA-BulkUpload`
        3. Allow tracing: `uncheck`
        4. Scope: `API`
        5. API: `EA Bulk upload API`
        6. Product: `blank`
        7. User: `blank`
        8. Click `Save` 

> 7. Now you have to assign the necessary “application role” for the API. [A detail documentation is found here](https://github.com/18F/piipan/blob/dev/docs/securing-internal-apis.md#working-locally), but if you just want to test your enviroment you can run the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Now you have to assign the necessary “application role” for the API. [Detailed documentation is found here](https://github.com/18F/piipan/blob/dev/docs/securing-internal-apis.md#working-locally), but if you just want to test your environment you can run the following steps.
```

    Use assign-app-role to assign your user account the necessary application role:

    ```
    #Template
    ./tools/assign-app-role.bash <azure-env> <function-app-name> <app-role-name>

    #Example
    ./tools/assign-app-role.bash tts/dev tts-func-metricsapi-dev Metrics.Read
    ```

    Use authorize-cli to add the Azure CLI as an authorized client application for the Function's application registration:
    ```
    #Template
    ./tools/authorize-cli.bash <azure-env> <function-app-name>
    
    #Example

>     ./tools/assign-app-role.bash tts/dev tts-func-metricsapi-dev Metrics.Read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ./tools/authorize-cli.bash tts/dev tts-func-metricsapi-dev
```

    ```

> 8. Time to test your infraestruture 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Time to test your infrastructure 
```
